README.md, before:

# Substrate Node Template

A new SRML-based Substrate node, ready for hacking.

## Build

Install Rust:

```bash
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
```

Initialize your Wasm Build environment:

```bash
./scripts/init.sh
```

Build Wasm and native code:

```bash
cargo build --release
```

## Run

### Single node development chain

Purge any existing development chain state:

```bash
./target/release/node-template purge-chain --dev
```

Start a development chain with:

```bash
./target/release/node-template --dev
```

Detailed logs may be shown by running the node with the following environment variables set: `RUST_LOG=debug RUST_BACKTRACE=1 cargo run -- --dev`.

### Multi-node local testnet

If you want to see the multi-node consensus algorithm in action locally, then you can create a local testnet with two validator nodes for Alice and Bob, who are the initial authorities of the genesis chain that have been endowed with testnet units.

Optionally, give each node a name and expose them so they are listed on the Polkadot [telemetry site](https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#/Local%20Testnet).

You'll need two terminal windows open.

We'll start Alice's substrate node first on default TCP port 30333 with her chain database stored locally at `/tmp/alice`. The bootnode ID of her node is `QmRpheLN4JWdAnY7HGJfWFNbfkQCb6tFf4vvA6hgjMZKrR`, which is generated from the `--node-key` value that we specify below:

```bash
cargo run -- \
  --base-path /tmp/alice \
  --chain=local \
  --alice \
  --node-key 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 \
  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024 \
  --validator
```

In the second terminal, we'll start Bob's substrate node on a different TCP port of 30334, and with his chain database stored locally at `/tmp/bob`. We'll specify a value for the `--bootnodes` option that will connect his node to Alice's bootnode ID on TCP port 30333:

```bash
cargo run -- \
  --base-path /tmp/bob \
  --bootnodes /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/30333/p2p/QmRpheLN4JWdAnY7HGJfWFNbfkQCb6tFf4vvA6hgjMZKrR \
  --chain=local \
  --bob \
  --port 30334 \
  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024 \
  --validator
```

Additional CLI usage options are available and may be shown by running `cargo run -- --help`.

Commit message:

Create moonbeam section for readme.

README.md, after:

# Moonbeam

A prototype for the Moonbeam node implementation. 

For a document describing the project see here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EqW5QBKITJzRU-3RsCh_Ruu4d4A2jkxcyo-ewPiMoQU/edit

Started the project by cloning substrate-node-template.  The following have been added to it:
* Added contracts module to the runtime at the same revision as the node template (d1cd01c74e8d5550396cb654f9a3f1b641efdf4c)

## Build

Install Rust:

```bash
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
```

Initialize your Wasm Build environment:

```bash
./scripts/init.sh
```

Build Wasm and native code:

```bash
cargo build --release
```

## Run

### Single node development chain

Purge any existing development chain state:

```bash
./target/release/node-template purge-chain --dev
```

Start a development chain with:

```bash
./target/release/node-template --dev
```

Detailed logs may be shown by running the node with the following environment variables set: `RUST_LOG=debug RUST_BACKTRACE=1 cargo run -- --dev`.

### Multi-node local testnet

If you want to see the multi-node consensus algorithm in action locally, then you can create a local testnet with two validator nodes for Alice and Bob, who are the initial authorities of the genesis chain that have been endowed with testnet units.

Optionally, give each node a name and expose them so they are listed on the Polkadot [telemetry site](https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#/Local%20Testnet).

You'll need two terminal windows open.

We'll start Alice's substrate node first on default TCP port 30333 with her chain database stored locally at `/tmp/alice`. The bootnode ID of her node is `QmRpheLN4JWdAnY7HGJfWFNbfkQCb6tFf4vvA6hgjMZKrR`, which is generated from the `--node-key` value that we specify below:

```bash
cargo run -- \
  --base-path /tmp/alice \
  --chain=local \
  --alice \
  --node-key 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 \
  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024 \
  --validator
```

In the second terminal, we'll start Bob's substrate node on a different TCP port of 30334, and with his chain database stored locally at `/tmp/bob`. We'll specify a value for the `--bootnodes` option that will connect his node to Alice's bootnode ID on TCP port 30333:

```bash
cargo run -- \
  --base-path /tmp/bob \
  --bootnodes /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/30333/p2p/QmRpheLN4JWdAnY7HGJfWFNbfkQCb6tFf4vvA6hgjMZKrR \
  --chain=local \
  --bob \
  --port 30334 \
  --telemetry-url ws://telemetry.polkadot.io:1024 \
  --validator
```

Additional CLI usage options are available and may be shown by running `cargo run -- --help`.
